Focal CN Merge File Script (#81)
PediatricOpenTargets/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/focal-cn-file-preparation/README.md

Recurrence here has been arbitrarily defined based on the plotting of the distribution of status calls and a [similar decision](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPedCan-analysis/blob/66bb67a7bf29aad4510a0913a2dbc88da0013be8/analyses/fusion_filtering/06-recurrent-fusions-per-histology.R#L152) made in `analyses/fusion_filtering/06-recurrent-fusions-per-histology.R` to make the cutoff for recurrence to be greater than a count of 3 samples that have the same CN status call in the same region.
This notebook returns a `TSV` file with the recurrent copy number status calls, regions and biospecimen IDs.

> * `07-consensus-annotated-merge.R` - This script merges the cnv annotated files for WGS samples (which uses 2/3 consensus cnv calls from 3 calles) with the cnv annotated files for WXS samples (which only uses cnvkit caller for CNV callings). This script first merges WGS+WXS autosome calls, WGS+WXS x_and_y calls and finally merged autosomes with x_and_y. The abovementioned 3 merged files are all saved in the `results` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `07-consensus-annotated-merge.R` - This script merges the cnv annotated files for WGS samples (which uses 2/3 consensus cnv calls from 3 callers) with the cnv annotated files for WXS samples (which only uses cnvkit caller for CNV callings). This script first merges WGS+WXS autosome calls, WGS+WXS x_and_y calls and finally merged autosomes with x_and_y. The above mentioned 3 merged files are all saved in the `results` directory.
```
